Feature: use `.env` to configure API Keys etc (#64)
jsappme/node-binance-trader: README.md

# Usage ⚡️

> Before everything please review the source code of the JS scripts (server.js, trader.js) and then add your API keys to `.env`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before everything, please review the source code of the JS scripts (server.js, trader.js) and then add your secret data to `.env`.
```

> To kickstart you, just copy the `.env.example` and edit relevant values like API Keys for BvA, Binance, etc...:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To kickstart, just duplicate the `.env.example`, name it  `.env` and insert your secret values:
```

```bash
cp .env.example .env
$EDITOR .env
```
**Never check in your `.env` file!**

> It contains your most private information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It contains your most private information.
```
